Add details in LSP1 page of Contracts section (#679)
lukso-network/docs: docs/contracts/overview/LSP1Delegate.md

| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **[`LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateUP.sol`](../contracts/LSP1UniversalReceiver/LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateUP/LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateUP.md)**          | Add feature to a `LSP0ERC725Account` to registered and un-register tokens (LSP7 and LSP8) and vaults (LSP9) received. |
| **[`LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateVault.sol`](../contracts/LSP1UniversalReceiver/LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateVault/LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateVault.md)** | Add feature to a `LSP9Vault` to register and un-register tokens (LSP7 and LSP8).                                      |

## Routing

> The Universal Profile implementation allows for attaching multiple instances of Universal Receiver Delegate to it. This is due to LSP1 Routing. You could have a signle General Purpose Unviersal Receiver Delegate and multiple instances of Specific Unviersal Receiver Delegate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Universal Profile implementation allows for attaching multiple instances of Universal Receiver Delegate to it. This is due to LSP1 Routing. You could have a single General Purpose Unviersal Receiver Delegate and multiple instances of Specific Unviersal Receiver Delegate.
```

A General Purpose Universal Receiver Delegate has its address stored under the [LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate Singleton](../../standards//generic-standards/lsp1-universal-receiver-delegate.md#lsp1universalreceiverdelegate-singleton) data key. This contract will be called on any LSP1 hook, meaning that it can potentially react on any [TypeID](./type-ids#universal-receiver-type-ids).

> A Specific Universal Receiver Delegate has its address stored under the [LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate Singleton](../../standards//generic-standards/lsp1-universal-receiver-delegate.md#lsp1universalreceiverdelegate-mapping) data key. This contract will be called on specific LSP1 hook, depending on the [TypeID](./type-ids#universal-receiver-type-ids) that was passed as a parameter in the hook, meaning that it only reacts on a signle specific [TypeID](./type-ids#universal-receiver-type-ids).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Specific Universal Receiver Delegate has its address stored under the [LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate Mapping](../../standards//generic-standards/lsp1-universal-receiver-delegate.md#lsp1universalreceiverdelegate-mapping) data key. This contract will be called on a specific LSP1 hook, depending on the [TypeID](./type-ids#universal-receiver-type-ids) that was passed as a parameter in the hook, meaning that it only reacts on a single specific [TypeID](./type-ids#universal-receiver-type-ids).
```
